okay uh so here's here's the life of
shade here's the brain in life of shake
while I'm in the tent with my kids
sleeping and I'm like I love this iPhone
I love being able to just like record a
quick little moment in life like me and
the kids in the tent and then just
upload it to YouTube there's no editing
there's no compressing it's from my
phone I'm laying in my sleeping bag and
I just uploaded a YouTube video I love
it and I know you know there's other
like shane dawson and who else has an
iphone channel i don't know the people
like you made you start an iphone
channel so i'm sitting there laying in
bed thinking i should start an iphone
channel every just once in a while it'll
be fun just throw these little PI phone
videos up because it's so easy and quick
and things happen and I'm just like hey
guys check this out it's happening right
now literally I uploaded this video
seconds ago and that's what I'm doing
right now so I thought it was super cool
and then I started thinking okay I'll do
that the morning but then I'm like no
somebody is gonna go and they're gonna
take iphone card I know it somebody's
gonna get on there like oh this would be
genius enough to shave for millions of
dollars later ha ha ha
can you talk to us son today we were out
we went flying the kite we went hiking
up in a cave oh my gosh way too much Sun
so we're at my my wife's parents house
we're all camping in the backyard I got
out of the tent literally put my clothes
on got into the tent came out here and
got on my laptop and said I'm starting
an iPhone channel so here it is iPhone
tards has begun I don't know how often
I'll do it I'm not making any promises
I'm not saying they're all do a video
every day but I just thought I should
make this cuz it'll be fun okay and
don't subscribe if you don't want to if
you don't want to be spammed this is
just for the diehards the people who um
so I have to go back in the tent cuz my
kids if they wake up don't be scared
they're sleeping in the tent okay iPhone
tardes begin okay bye